fix role for the metric services (#2090)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

### Bug Fixes

- OLM internal manager is not returning errors in the initialization. ([#1976](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/1976))

> - Fixed missing default role "deployments" which is required to create the metrics Service for the operator project. ([#1976](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2090)) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added missing default role permission for `deployments`, which is required to create the metrics service for the operator. ([#2090](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2090)) 
```
